# Hassan Sajjad

<!--img src='hassan_sajjad.jpeg' width='100%' height='100%' -->

I am an Electrical Engineering graduate, but I have been thoroughly occupied by C++ programming ever since my first introduction to it in my course back in 2017. I tried a few other programming languages but have liked C++ the most. After learning basic C++, I was curious about its build-model. I read the book "Professional CMake by Craig Scott" to learn about this subject. The book was great as it thoroughly covered CMake, and the C++ build-model and lots of the related details. However, while learning about CMake I also felt that I was largely learning a new programming-language which was a bit strange. Nevertheless, I continued honing my C++ skills and started working as an Unreal Engine Network Programmer. I left it after a brief stint because I could not ignore the feeling that C++ itself is better for build-systems and with C++20 modules and header-units needing a new build-model, there was an opportunity. In 2023, I presented my paper, A New Approach to Compiling C++, however, it was rejected as it required the compiler as a shared library which required lots of changes in the compilers. I stopped development for some time. Then it occurred to me that this new approach could be done with IPC instead, which meant very minimal changes were needed in the compiler. I then proposed my project for LLVM with the demo of a 2x–3x build speed-up, however it was rejected as my project lacked organizational backing.

